Update README.md (#2)
The-Strategy-Unit/RAP_Drop_In: README.md

> This repo is being set up to host questions and answers featured at The Strategy Unit RAP Drop In sessions, which are hosted by the [Data Science team](https://www.strategyunitwm.nhs.uk/about), and to provide a space for discussion and pre-emptive question asking.

Reviewer: Would we prefer to link to the DS website for this link?

```suggestion
This repo is being set up to host questions and answers featured at The Strategy Unit RAP Drop In sessions, which are hosted by the [Data Science team](https://the-strategy-unit.github.io/data_science/about.html), and to provide a space for discussion and pre-emptive question asking.
```

## How to interact with us

### How to submit a question for the next session

> 1.  Click on the Discussions button at the top of the repository's main page.
> 2.  Click the 'Q&A' button.
> 3.  Enter the text of your question and click Start Discussion.

Reviewer: Minor: consistency for button (tab?) names.

```suggestion
1.  Click on the 'Discussions' button at the top of the repository's main page.
2.  Click the 'Q&A' button.
3.  Enter the text of your question and click 'Start Discussion'.
```
